[OSDOCS#17174]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114085)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-crd-tailored-profile.adoc

[id="tailored-profile-object_{context}"]
= TailoredProfile object

[role="_abstract"]
You can use the `TailoredProfile` object to modify the default `Profile` object based on your organization requirements.

> You can enable or disable rules, set variable values, and give justification for the customization. After validation, the `TailoredProfile` object creates a `ConfigMap`, which can be referenced by a `ComplianceScan` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable or disable rules, set variable values, and give justification for the customization. After validation, the `TailoredProfile` object creates a `ConfigMap` resource, which can be referenced by a `ComplianceScan` object.
```

Please tweak if needed to specify the correct noun for `ConfigMap`. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references
React

[id="tailored-profile-object_{context}"]
= TailoredProfile object

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the `TailoredProfile` object to modify the default `Profile` object based on your organization requirements. You can enable or disable rules, set variable values, and provide justification for the customization. After validation, the `TailoredProfile` object creates a `ConfigMap`, which can be referenced by a `ComplianceScan` object.

Reviewer 2: Too long.

```suggestion
You can use the `TailoredProfile` object to modify the default `Profile` object based on your organization requirements. You can enable or disable rules, set variable values, and provide justification for the customization. 

After validation, the `TailoredProfile` object creates a `ConfigMap`, which can be referenced by a `ComplianceScan` object.
```

metadata:
  name: rhcos4-with-usb
spec:
  extends: rhcos4-moderate
  title: <title of the tailored profile>
  disableRules:
    - name: <name of a rule object to be disabled>
      rationale: <description of why this rule is checked>
status:
  id: xccdf_compliance.openshift.io_profile_rhcos4-with-usb
  outputRef:
    name: rhcos4-with-usb-tp
    namespace: openshift-compliance
  state: READY
----
+
where:

> `spec.extends`:: Optional. Specifies the name of the `Profile` object upon which the `TailoredProfile` is built. If no value is set, a new profile is created from the `enableRules` list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`spec.extends`:: Optional parameter. Specifies the name of the `Profile` object upon which the `TailoredProfile` is built. If no value is set, a new profile is created from the `enableRules` list.
```

`status.id`:: Specifies the XCCDF name of the tailored profile.
`status.outputRef.name`:: Specifies the `ConfigMap` name, which can be used as the value of the `tailoringConfigMap.name` attribute of a `ComplianceScan`.
`status.state`:: Specifies the state of the object such as `READY`, `PENDING`, and `FAILURE`. If the state of the object is `ERROR`, then the attribute `status.errorMessage` provides the reason for the failure.
+

> With the `TailoredProfile` object, it is possible to create a new `Profile` object by using the `TailoredProfile` construct. To create a new `Profile`, set the following configuration parameters :

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With the `TailoredProfile` object, it is possible to create a new `Profile` object by using the `TailoredProfile` construct. To create a new `Profile`, set the following configuration parameters:
```

> With the `TailoredProfile` object, it is possible to create a new `Profile` object by using the `TailoredProfile` construct. To create a new `Profile`, set the following configuration parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `TailoredProfile` object, you can create a new `Profile` object by using the `TailoredProfile` construct. To create a new `Profile`, set the following configuration parameters:
```

You might also want to combine these two sentences?
